README.md, before:

# HW-7-TimeSrs_YenFuture
Homework # 7 on Unit # 10 Time Series Yen for the Future
![Focus on Future Rates](Images/unit-10-readme-photo.png)

# Predicting future movements in the value of the Japenese Yen in relation to the US Dollar

This file accompanies Visual Data Analysis notebook being provided to my FinTech Company CFO.

## Goal of This Notebook 
The goal of these analysis tools is to provide information about Yen exchange rates.

### Part I - Time-Series Forecasting



### Part II - Linear Regression Forecasting


# Technical Notes

## Libraries
This Jupyter Lab notebook utilizes the following libraries:

os

Pandas

Numpy

dotenv (just for comfort level)

Pathlib

matplotlib

## Data Inputs

Besides the elements related to those libraries, additional data to be input by the user includes their currency holdings, their stocks and bonds amounts, and their monthly income amounts.  

# Acknowledgements

I would like to first acknowledge the guidance and teaching of our FinTech Boot Camp Instructor, Garth Mortensen, our TA, Alejandro Esquivel, and out Student Success Manager, Angelica Baraona. I also found the collective Stack Overflow wisdom essential as ever. Regarding Time Series and Machine Learning overall I utilized 

information from codemy and the tech website collective in general. Finally, the Pandas books section on Time Series was helpful (SQL Quickstart Guide by Shields, Essential SQL Alchemy by Myers and Copeland and SQL Cookbook by Molinaro were helpful as I continued in the early phases of my learning process.

Commit message:

Settle Prices plot added
Accompanied by text around that.

README.md, after:

# HW-7-TimeSrs_YenFuture
Homework # 7 on Unit # 10 Time Series Yen for the Future
![Focus on Future Rates](Images/unit-10-readme-photo.png)

# Predicting future movements in the value of the Japenese Yen in relation to the US Dollar

This file accompanies Visual Data Analysis notebook being provided to my FinTech Company CFO.

## Goal of This Notebook 
The goal of these analysis tools is to provide information about Yen exchange rates.

### Part I - Time-Series Forecasting

I plotted the Settle price fluctuation of the Yen, from 1990 to today:

![Settle Prices](Images/Yen_Futures_Settle_Prices_S_sp.png)

The patterns I noted were substantial volatility in the shorter-term, and an upward thrust in general over the long term.

### Part II - Linear Regression Forecasting


# Technical Notes

## Libraries
This Jupyter Lab notebook utilizes the following libraries:

os

Pandas

Numpy

dotenv (just for comfort level)

Pathlib

matplotlib

## Data Inputs

Besides the elements related to those libraries, additional data to be input by the user includes their currency holdings, their stocks and bonds amounts, and their monthly income amounts.  

# Acknowledgements

I would like to first acknowledge the guidance and teaching of our FinTech Boot Camp Instructor, Garth Mortensen, our TA, Alejandro Esquivel, and out Student Success Manager, Angelica Baraona. I also found the collective Stack Overflow wisdom essential as ever. Regarding Time Series and Machine Learning overall I utilized 

information from codemy and the tech website collective in general. Finally, the Pandas books section on Time Series was helpful (SQL Quickstart Guide by Shields, Essential SQL Alchemy by Myers and Copeland and SQL Cookbook by Molinaro were helpful as I continued in the early phases of my learning process.
